This is 10 par, so this time
Smartphone day
I would like to introduce you how to save videos and music
The door is to introduce this time
Let's start in 15 minutes first
The present time is pile 18 minutes
Oh, it is an application to introduce this time Well this time the application used for this coverage is here
I will use this app called tube of this tube this time
This is right
8 in this app
We will introduce the net
I will explain
Finally this is good now
Since you are logged in , you can download videos and registration lists.
It is an inbox box. Inbox box is the one that is registered in the comment registration rule channel
You can see the videos you have uploaded your own videos in oden franc
Acer I'm going this time
It's a rock, so I can't choose a room for a while, and I can't put on the mainland .
I would like to download a trial download
Egypt tastes 320
And paint
I came to the place of
Because there is a good thing to take in 2 Well Well
Opening the door from zard If more digestion 8 Animation Stock Asia Video Sugai Well
It is easy to download this with ai I want to download this time
Here
It's Konae Juicy
Here is
Touch here
Then you will download the video or it will appear streaming and it will appear
I will
download or get capital ghost
Such a screen comes out I miss youtube word or youtube
touch youtube so you're already here
I can see it when traveling, but I will download it this time
day
Art assistance
When
You can also download it by touching the arrow here
Here
Well you do you say I'm there is a green button here
8 Do you touch here and remember ?
You can also publish the rules here Yes
It will download it or download brown
Get the information of the video by download
In at 640 square to 360,320 or k 240
176 open 144 640 times 360 yen
flv player needs mp3 as needed and other than save
Elementary zone you are saving a dream piece all of this four videos will be music store
640 about ten thousand more than you do, but the video Why mp see the case of the amp suite Shihoon
It is an artist and r version from here that I can make it like this
Ne
Much finer classification and or sell properly I here artists and Arubamukko Board
can
I think this time and want to save a little this time as easy to video
Well this time in the download to the time and does not award loans
Then we save as 32 billion yen 240 days video
Then
Oh yeah
Upper ne rally
Here
Oh
Feeling off
The number of seconds of the video is a little short now and I was able to download immediately
During the download came out those green I here I go out download what percent
you know
A letter paper of consideration comes out in the column of Esaki notice, and this song is flowing now, but it is
Download as 2 Cheong
It's but came out with 2 perfectly Tteyuu was completed
Art
From here in Um menu bar
8 Touch the setting method
There is thing called download folder in people and round-loads video here
You can change the download destination to return
This is a down holder which can change the storage destination for a large amount
Yes, like this since Well this time issued a moving soil
Before dancing with music in the gallery , it is music
Touch the gallery at
8 Golden Eggs are here
Yes Yes
Contains
You can download videos like this
Then this time is this and then